# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
This dataset contains data about calls made to possible customers trying to get them subscribed. Each call also has a Campaing ID where we can identify from which of the 39 campaings the possible customer came. Our goal with this data is trying to messure the probabilities if a customer is going to subscribe or not based on their information.

The best model was a VotingEnsemble with an accuracy of 0.918.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
